well it's day 4 of worlds group stages
with covers presented by uggg I'm joined
right now by sword art as well as iris
who's going to help translate sword art
unfortunate loss for you guys against g2
where do you think it went wrong sitting
no Jade she's a woman
genius forget how much you see just all
mostly bored Hammond back now she
ordered Hammond yo woman
Chameli had he found your Saruman thief
alcohol that's a song Swan saw your
heart gentle her info she's happy sir in
today's game I think jutsu they have
really good performance and they're
better than us and also there have many
advantages in BAM fix or other points in
the game so after this game will like
find our where the problems are and
we'll figure out them out it's
interesting because before today's game
many analysts were saying that you were
maybe flash wolves was maybe one of the
few teams that could stop RNG what do
you think of how highly rated analysts
have flash holes right now today to do
an issue so much you cannot Rihanna go
Kylie decision - Tommy Judah andrew has
AIDS and he lives well beyond Montgomery
how to dance or money you're hurting
Leigh true just as dying make all my
mentioned twice all Oh busy woman make a
dough that doesn't sound like punching
them so I think Orangery is stronger
than us but every single team here in
the groups they are here for to
challenge their opponents so for us for
factual's without getting too stable and
for step by step and to get our wins how
does this flash walls the 2018 flash
holes compared to other flash wolves
from worlds past
joonyoung's i should announce hope you
young
no judging you harder than caffeine to
city government currently makin doubt he
sent or not you got your sermons i yo
see details how many all canteen buta
your team college this is so there are
two points of the differences the first
one is maybe the every single lane
they are getting their solve
improvements and the second point is our
understanding of the matter so maybe
these two key points made us a little
bit better in this world now I've been
asking folks from all the different
regions about North America what do you
think are the issues with North America
teams right now and they do all that
wouldn't you know mental meal and they
don't say actually there are no any
teams in our group I haven't got that
research or like attention to the end
they teams you haven't had a chance to
watch any games no you can't have a visa
that's it just has its runyan just a
woman that I saw the beam side down so I
would definitely watch in a team games
but I'll put more attention to the teams
of our groups I would suggest you don't
watch any na team games they're not very
good Jane has to be all kind of coming
to the technical very good okay let's
move on what what do you think flash
wolves chances are of making it to the
finals cheerio with all that well you
know I saw how my hand thought he found
a new video downloader mm see do
Harkonnen Sciences Ababa
so I think we may have the chance to
make to the finals but for as for now I
think every team is very strong and will
was maybe 30 or 40 percent that of us to
make the finals oh darn that's pretty
good who else would you expect to see in
the finals besides orangey no she just
the challenge only RNG okay only RG so
it's you versus aren't you okay is there
anything that you would say sort
actually any other fans out there joe
sanella julian cedar so he just I'm a
family man so yeah Lomas young Justin
gold sis's and Aaron's you this format
now so actually I'm rushing back for
screens right now and every single
second counts really that really
important thank you for supporting me
and we'll do better in the future games
right sorry let's get you to scrims
thank you so much higher risk for
translating for everyone else you can
check out the rest of my coverage of all
things worlds right here on my youtube
channel
well we're at Worlds groups na is
already starting to lose I've seen yeah
they're losing anyway the point is I'm
I'm actually wondering if it just comes
down to the numbers the analytics the
data you know they just need to have
better scouting of of what champions are
good and what champions aren't what the
Korean players are playing what the
Western players are playing you don't
want to play those and and the funny
thing is is that they could have that
information just so we you have that
information right now if you go check
out our sponsor in the description uggg
just click that link it helps me a lot
and you put a champion in then you've
got all this information information
that if every na LCS player was using at
Worlds
we would we would just win this thing
and that's that's it's funny thing they
could win worlds you can win you're so
cute you just need to go in there and
use that link check out there they're
champions like options it's pretty cool
it's a lot of information great
information check it out they sponsor me
I'm at Worlds because of them because
the whole point of this outro can also
subscribe and look at the next video but
again is it on this side it's one that I
think it's on this side that's the
that's a churro thanks for watching the
interview